# Nazrul Syahmi Bin Murad - Project Portfolio Page

## Overview
myReviews is a desktop application allowing users to save and rate movies and TV shows that they
have watched. myReviews is fully written in Java, and users can interact with the application using
Command Line Interface (CLI).

Given below are my contributions to the project.

### Summary of Contributions
* **New Feature**: Sorting the review list
  * What it does: This feature allows the user to sort the review list by a given field, namely `rating`, `title`, 
`date` and `genre`.
  * Justification: By sorting the review list according to the user's preferences, the review list becomes more than 
just a recording of movies the user has watched, since the user can now glean valuable information from an ordered list. 
For example, with just a single command, the user can easily see the most personally highly-rated movies and TV shows, 
so that comparisons in genres can be made to determine the user's genre preferences.
  * Highlights: The default sorting order for every possible field has been customized to give the most intuitive
ordering for the user. Once the review list has been sorted, it is also displayed to the user as movies and TV shows 
separately so that the user can more easily analyze the sorted list by media type. This sorted order is persistent so 
that the user does not have to repeatedly call the sort command.
  * Credits: [StackOverflow discussion on sorting objects in Java](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/2784514/sort-arraylist-of-custom-objects-by-property)

* **New Feature**: Marking/unmarking a review as favourite, and displaying a list of favourites
    * What it does: This feature allows the user to mark a review as favourite if it has not been marked, or to unmark a 
review as favourite if it has already been marked. The user can also display a list containing only favourite reviews.
    * Justification: By being able to track a user's favourite reviews in the list, the app has higher personalizability 
so that the user can tailor the review list based on their needs, which increases user desirability. For example, other 
than tracking the user's favourite reviews, they can also use it as a custom list of movies to rewatch.
    * Highlights: The marking/unmarking implementation was slightly challenging as the review index seen by the user on 
the displayed review list is not the same as the review index in the stored review list. Also, the favourite list is 
automatically separated by media type into sections for movie reviews and TV show reviews, so that users can quickly 
digest and analyze their favourites list at a glance.
    * Credits: [Nazrul's iP](https://github.com/nazrul0/ip)

* **Code contributed**: [Personal RepoSense Link](https://nus-cs2113-ay2223s1.github.io/tp-dashboard/?search=t18&sort=groupTitle&sortWithin=title&timeframe=commit&mergegroup=&groupSelect=groupByRepos&breakdown=true&checkedFileTypes=docs~functional-code~test-code~other&since=2022-09-16&tabOpen=true&tabType=authorship&tabAuthor=naz019&tabRepo=AY2223S1-CS2113-T18-1b%2Ftp%5Bmaster%5D&authorshipIsMergeGroup=false&authorshipFileTypes=docs~functional-code~test-code~other&authorshipIsBinaryFileTypeChecked=false&authorshipIsIgnoredFilesChecked=false)

* **Contributions to team-based tasks**:
  * Set up the team GitHub organization and repo, together with project tools such as Gradle and Checkstyle.
  * Created and managed the GitHub organizational project, which contains the group task board. [Project link](https://github.com/orgs/AY2223S1-CS2113-T18-1b/projects/1)
  * Set up the labels and milestones in the team's issue tracker.
  * Created issues for user stories in v1.0 and v2.0.
  * Added labels, assignees and milestones to issues.
  * Set up team README, including theme configuration and proper linking to other documentation.
  * Fixed x tP bugs from PE-d.

* **Enhancements to existing features**:
  * Wrote JUnit test cases for `sort`, `favourite`, Media, and TvShow classes.

* **Documentation**:
  * User guide:
    * Added table of contents and wrote introduction.
    * Fleshed out information for every command, making 80 additions.
    * Added command summary.
  * Developer guide:
    * Drew UML sequence diagrams for `clear`, `sort`, `favourite` and `delete` commands.
    * Added implementation details for `clear` and `delete` features

* **Community**:
  * PRs reviewed:
    * [tP #5](https://github.com/nus-cs2113-AY2223S1/tp/pull/5)
    * [iP #29](https://github.com/nus-cs2113-AY2223S1/ip/pull/29)
    * [iP #21](https://github.com/nus-cs2113-AY2223S1/ip/pull/21)
  * Discovered and shared the solution for disabled file permissions causing failed GitHub Actions checks.
    * [Class forum post](https://github.com/nus-cs2113-AY2223S1/forum/issues/16)